here I have 10 pounds of ground beef you
don't want to use any Korean beef base
water anything you drain your ground
beef of the grease I didn't use ground
chuck or anything I just use regular
ground beef so I did have light much
space left but i drained it then you
take your funnel you feel your jar up I
used quart jars and you do mash it down
and get it packed in there pretty good
once it's packed in there you take a
damp cloth wipe around the top of your
jars to make sure there's nothing on the
top and that you can get a good seal
then you take your rings and your needs
out of your hot water and you put them
on the top other jars and seal them then
you put them into your pressure canner
you let your pressure canner get for 10
minutes you need to let it get for 10
minutes to get make sure all the errors
out of there once you do that then you
put your pressure regulator on there and
get it up to the amount of pressure that
you need for your area the man is 11
pounds of pressure so once i get it up
to the 11 pounds of pressure i set my
timer for
minutes and then i let my canada but I
do keep I place I to make sure that it's
staying right around 11 pounds of
pressure and once the 90 minutes is I
were up you turn your stove off you let
you can or cool down then you get your
jars out let them cool off for 24 hours
and then wash them thanks you have a
good